Questions regarding Uploaded Image Classification:

1. Did the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed? If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: No. While the VVG model architecture was able to correctly identify the breed of the dog in Dog_01.jpg the two other architectures incorrectly classified the breed as tibetan terrier, chrysanthemum dog.


2. Did each of the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed of dog as that model architecture classified Dog_02.jpg? If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: No. Again the VGG model architecture showed better ability in classification as it correctly identified the breed of the dog in Dog_01.jpg as well as Dog_02.jpg. The RESNET model architecture did not classify the
two images to be the same but did better at classification with the upside down JPG correctly classifying it as shih-tzu even though it classified Dog_01.jpg as Tibetan terrier, chrysanthemum dog. Lastly, the ALEXNET model 
architecture showed to poorest ability in classification as it incorrectly classified Dog_01.jpg and also gave an irrelevant non-dog classification for Dog_02.jpg being three-toed sloth, ai, bradypus tridactylus.


3. Did the three model architectures correctly classify Animal_Name_01.jpg and Object_Name_01.jpg to not be dogs? If not, report the misclassifications.

Answer: Yes. All three model architectures were successful in classifying the non-dog JPG's to not be dogs.


4. Based upon your answers for questions 1. - 3. above, select the model architecture that you feel did the best at classifying the four uploaded images. Describe why you selected that model architecture as the best on uploaded image classification.

Answer: Based on the answers to questions 1-3, the model architecture with the best classification ability was the VGG model architecture. This is due to the model's precise classification, correctly identifying each animal. Additionally, unlike the other 
model architectures, the VGG model was able to correctly classify Dog_02.JPG which was just a horizontally reversed version of Dog_01.JPG.
